Removing Splunk Heavy Forwarder References (#55)
openshift/splunk-forwarder-images: README.md

To build around a new version, simply commit a PR updating those files.

## CICD

> After a PR merges, an integration job is run by app-sre triggering build/push of both images to `quay.io/app-sre/splunk-forwarder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a PR merges, an integration job is run by app-sre triggering build/push of the image to `quay.io/app-sre/splunk-forwarder`.
```
